Daniel Wojtowicz

Game Design - CS Skills - eSports - Contact

Design
Define
Develop

< Photo of me >


Game Development

The gaming experiences of past and present give me a special viewing angle on
the world of video game development. I employ light game frameworks or build
from scratch to create captivating encounters with efficient use of graphics.
Check out some of my projects below:

Soccer Bars
Single Player Arcade Game
Created: December 2015
Software : Blender, Photoshop, Eclipse
Frameworks: LibGDX + PHP Backend

Tetris
The Original Puzzle Game
Created March 2016
Software: Chrome, Sublime Text 3
Framework: DOM Manipulation using jQuery

Super Chess
Online Multiplayer Classic
Created: August 2016
Software: IntelliJ Idea
Framework: LibGDX


Computer Science

My education at Illinois Institute of Technology has expanded my capacity to
create epic software using optimal data structures and slick algorithms. I am
currently slated to complete my Master's Degree in Computer Science in May
2019.

Programming Languages
Java 80%
C 80%
Visual Basic 60%
Python 40%
HTML 100%
CSS 90%
JavaScript 80%
SQL 100%
PHP 80%
WebGL 25%

What I'm Learning Now

Advanced Database Organization
Currently creating many parts of a functioning Relational Database Management
System. Low level code in the RDBMS is what makes efficient queries possible.

Computer Graphics
Building visual beauty starts at the basics: points, lines and triangles.
Through clever algorithms beautiful effects are rendered in a fraction of a
second.

Software Engineering
The agile approach to software enables rapid prototyping and increased
likelihood of staying under budget and ahead of schedule. The goal in this class
is to work on a team to create a mobile app to improve students' day-to-day
lives like never before.

Standards Based Web Design
Building with standards in mind is keeping rules that allow you more freedom.
In this class I am creating accessible, mobile-first websites like this one.

Industry Experience - Optional


eSports

Born a competitor, I strive to be distinguish myself amidst the pack. Electronic
sports have become a lifestyle, and I am engulfed in the world of eSports as a
player and as a tournament organizer. I combine my knowledge in programming to
host extravagant tournaments of epic proportion for the local scene and beyond.

VJA Smash Society
A high school club I created that has become more than just a place to hang out
after school. It has expanded across generations of students and alumni and into
other cities, hosting tournaments multiple times a year and having yearly
seasons.

Recent Event:
Inferno 2017: July 22nd, 2017
Items created: Teaser, Trailer, Professional Stream
Skills required: Filming, Video Editing, Image Creation and Manipulation

Software: Twitch Manager: eSports Streaming Companion
Allow seamless integration with services like Challonge! as well as the
scene's statistics database.
Available on GitHub: https://github.com/Truski/twitchman

Online Presence:
Official Website
Includes general information and calendar about the club.
Tournament Portal
Keeps track of player statistics and allows registration for tournaments.

Competitive Game Rankings

League of Legends
Highest Rank Achieved: Challenger - Season 4
Main Champion: Nidalee

Super Smash Bros. Melee
Highest Tournament Placement: 17th Place, Praxis 2 - Electric Boogaloo
Main Character: Falco

Counter Strike: Global Offensive
Highest Placement: Gold Nova Master: Summer 2015
Main Weapons: SG553 / AUG


Contact

Twitter https://twitter.com/DanWojtowicz
Email mailto:dwojtowi@hawk.iit.edu
GitHub https://github.com/Truski
LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-wojtowicz-5b2476120/
